So let's continue working with these example these Brillion that were working that were working the
way developing.
So let's add something here.
We're going to add another function and then I call this one execute the next slider and we're going
to create another function call the policy slider underscore execute.
So these will contain the code that is required to run these.
So what I'm going to hook these on going out of action and we're going to hook these inside of the P4
and we're going to call this fun show you song reclose BHB it right here in Angola now.
Impeach it right here.
So normally this is the way that unmuzzled begins work.
You need to have the libraries then you have to have the mark of the mill and then you execute the methods
normally like this you know and set up the command ready and then they select more and the metal.
So they're going to copy these and grace and I'm going to have the script we can remove these type text
javascript scenes by default all the browsers will render a script that takes obviously we can Bumblebee's
there is no problem we come back right here.
And I'm going to load Jake worry as usual Jake Querrey not comfy.
Gone Flake.
And we can change these ul.
You can see the UL has these grass like they're brokes.
We can change these right here and you can save these and up and running.
And it didn't work.
And right here again I'm using the equals Eurail class equals was like that brokes.
This is one of the reasons that I prefer to close always BHB and write this the man alone.
But let's say these up in the front in and you can see this essentially is working a little strange
because Fakeer this one is not.
This one is the pose that we didn't have an much.
So in order to avoid a problem we can add something like Mira Kii and we can use thumbnail ID so save
these hand reload again.
And now you can see that we have only post that contains an image in the featured image.
In it this is important especially if you are adding a slider like this one.
So this is looking nice.
Definitely I'm going to inspect these.
Maybe something is a little weird here because it's not taking the food with.
Three.
We need to override the selectors So we're going to have copies in our pain atom integration I'm going
to have this and it's something we 100 percent and that's going to up Max with Max with the initial
So that's up in the front in Hilo.
Now you can see he's taking all of the weight.
Next you can see that this label is not moving.
So very simple here where we're executing there's labor inside the parentheses we can pass on options.
If you open the options in the basics like that you will find a bunch of different options or you can
change their evils and everything.
So for example let's say that we want to move these lights are going out out all too true.
So save these and Riddel
and you can see more in.
So next for example I went through this play for lights.
Is simple for this laser here.
But again I mean this light's in or out for Max's light for I also get it going to AB slide with.
And it's like we were going to add something like two hundred and fifty pixels that speaks of the reducing
pixels and the greatest love is like margin going at them.
So reloader front end and then you can see that we have these lights.
So these values for OK next we're going at a comma and we're going to move as lights to one say this
and relo And let's see.
And that's way into this movie.
And you can see something like this.
So this is looking fine.
And it's working great.
And for example let's say you saw these you can click here and this will take you to these Brul and
this is the way that you create a simple blue yin in newcomer's.
And it's like they're from magic where a library that we find on the Internet.